---
title: "8.1.1 Contract Development"
slug: "811-合约开发"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2019-04-11T06:46:55.658Z"
updatedAt: "2019-06-05T09:56:22.738Z"
---
There are a large number of random numbers in the game. In the previous chain systems, such as Ethereum or EOS, it was hard to find a trusted random number. In order to ensure security and reliability, a double random number seed including the server and the client are required. For details, please find in the project: [fairdicegame](https://github.com/Dappub/fairdicegame) 

The built-in random number solution of Cocos-BCX can solve this problem. Our contract is easy to write, which requires only the implementation of a betting interface. The system will settle each bet immediately, as specified below:
[block:code]
{
  "codes": [
    {
      "code": "-- very import \nCOCOS_ACCURACY = 100000\n\nfunction init()\n    assert(chainhelper:is_owner(),'no auth')\n    read_list = {public_data={rate=true,max_bet=true}}\n    chainhelper:read_chain()\n    public_data.rate  = 98\n    public_data.max_bet = 1000000 \n    write_list = {public_data={rate=true,max_bet=true}}\n    chainhelper:write_chain()\nend\n\n\nfunction bet(num, amount)\n    read_list = {public_data={rate=true,max_bet=true}}\n    chainhelper:read_chain()\n\n    num = tonumber(num)\n    amount = tonumber(amount) * COCOS_ACCURACY\n\n    assert( 1 < num and num < 97, \"num must in [2,96] \" )\n    assert( 0 < amount and amount < public_data.max_bet * COCOS_ACCURACY, \"amount must in [1, max]\")\n\n    chainhelper:transfer_from_caller(contract_base_info.owner, amount, 'COCOS', true)\n\n    result_num = chainhelper:random() % 100\n\n    if result_num < num then\n        win_chance = num - 1\n        reward_ratio = public_data.rate*1.0/win_chance\n        reward = amount*reward_ratio\n        chainhelper:transfer_from_owner(contract_base_info.caller, reward, 'COCOS', true)\n    end\nend\n\nfunction hello_world()\n    chainhelper:log('hello world')\n    chainhelper:log(date('%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S', chainhelper:time()))\nend",
      "language": "lua"
    }
  ]
}
[/block]
A total of 40 lines can solve the problem, which is a lot more convenient than other blockchains. Here we’re going to make some brief explanations on some key points:

1.	The interface init, used for contract initialization, is generally executed by the creator of the contract. Therefore, there is a permission control over execution of the first line. It needs to be emphasized that the execution shall be called manually, otherwise the corresponding value will not be initialized.

2.	Public_data is used to store data for the contract context. If the contract is considered as a separate object, the Public_data is the state of the object. But the state is quite different that you need to manually read and write chain after reading and writing.

ps： The read and write control is important for: the BCX chain introduces part of the database design in contract processing, which makes strict IO control over the data objects of the contract virtual machine for operation efficiency. For example, if there are 1000 uncorrelated data objects in the contract, and there is only one data object to be loaded in the called contract function, the data object can be loaded to avoid additional IO expense.

[block:code]
{
  "codes": [
    {
      "code": "-- read the chain\nread_list = {public_data={rate=true,max_bet=true}}\nchainhelper:read_chain()\n\n-- write the chain\nwrite_list = {public_data={rate=true,max_bet=true}}\nchainhelper:write_chain()**",
      "language": "lua"
    }
  ]
}
[/block]

3.	Precision: The bet interface passes an integer, which represents the minimum precision of the token. It is something similar to Satoshi in Bitcoin and Wei in Ethereum. In the Cocos-BCX test chain, the minimum precision of the main currency COCOS is 5. Therefore, we give a definition of precision to process the data.

4.	Many extended functions of Lua virtual machine functions are in the chainhelper, for example, getting the random numbers:

    **--Returns a random integer within [0,99]
    result_num = chainhelper:random() % 100**

5.	The hello_wolrd interface is specifically prepared for later contract debugging.