---
title: "1.1.1 What is Cocos-BCX?"
slug: "111-what-is-cocos-bcx"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2019-06-24T06:01:42.077Z"
updatedAt: "2019-06-24T06:40:41.240Z"
---
Cocos-BCX, the platform for the next generation of digital game economy, aims to provide game developers with an easy-to-use and sound blockchain gaming infrastructure, while bringing users a fair and open gaming environment with the transparent data and clear rules. The consensus mechanism of the underlying blockchain is optimized based on Graphene technology. With the improved smart contract system, Cocos-BCX is able to deliver a great number of game features, such as random numbers, session, timer and heartbeat.

We hope to help developers and players ensure a consistent benefit through the economic model of digital assets supported by blockchain technology: 

To help the developers assetize the contents they produce for sustainable earnings from the use, management and circulation of the content assets, and provide convenient and decentralized channels for game distribution; 
And to help players convert the data generated by the time and energy they spend, and the items obtained through consumption into assets that can be safely stored, managed and circulated, giving players the rights to commercialize them.

The Platform includes: 
(1) A development framework that supports multiple operating systems and blockchains. 
(2) A data-driven IDE for dApps that is fully scripted and component-based. 
(3) A blockchain system and essential functional components for high-performance applications improved on the basis of the Graphene technology framework. 

Cocos-BCX enables developers to program, debug and release blockchain-based dApps and hybrid applications.

In addition, the platform integrates a blockchain-based distributed ledger system, crypto wallet system and digital assets circulation platform, allowing the in-app assets to be stored off-chain permanently and to be used cross-chain.

Theoretically, the throughput of CocosChain TestNet can reach up to 100,000 tps. We tested 3,500 tps with block intervals of 3 seconds in experimental environment, that is, it takes 3 seconds for the information to be broadcasted to the entire network.

The performance will be further improved after the completion of contract-defined partitioned consensus, multi-chain scaling and witness delegation. Key algorithms of most games can be run on blockchain, and “transaction confirmation with lowest latency” technology will further enhance the experience of the asset circulation process.

CocosChain TestNet based wallet can be integrated into the asset circulation platform where users can evaluate the value of game coins, items and accounts based on the exchange rate of the game’s digital assets against the main chain’s base currency.

Cocos-BCX is supported by COCOS Creator, a visual game editor, by which the game developed traditionally can be run in the Cocos-BCX blockchain runtime environment.